docs: promote base.hocon for mutable configs (#2819)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/configuration/logs.md

::: tip

This page also introduces the Dashboard UI fields corresponding to the configuration items.
If you want to configure logs from config files, it is recommended to use `base.hocon` instead of `emqx.conf`.

> Because if the config is in `emqx.conf`, the changes made from the Dashboard will only take effect temporarily until EMQX restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because if the configuration is set in emqx.conf, any changes made through the Dashboard will only be temporary and will be lost when EMQX restarts.
```
